added rules content for June (#656)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-06/2-rules-updates.md

# Rules engine updates

> At Akeneo, we aim at delivering the best user experience. A good experience with our PIM goes with a good understanding of what is going on, especially when there are errors that you have to correct. The following improvements will enable you to better monitor rule executions, and easily correct errors in the rules engine that can occur when importing a YML file or when executing rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Akeneo, we aim at delivering the best user experience. A good experience with our PIM goes with a good understanding of what is going on, especially when there are errors that you have to correct. The following improvements will enable you to better monitor rule executions, and easily correct errors that can occur in the rules engine when importing a YML file or when executing rules.
```

## Monitor rules execution under the process tracker

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="mid-June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-rules.html#execute-rules.html"
:::

> From now on, every time you run a rule, a rule execution operation line will appear in your dashboard under the last operations and also in the process tracker. Like for any other PIM job or operation, you can access the detailed execution page with a click. This execution page will inform you if the rule went fine or if it raised any errors or warnings, and give you guidance on how to fix them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, every time you run a rule, a rule execution operation line will appear in your dashboard under the last operations as well as in the process tracker. Like for any other PIM job or operation, you can access the detailed execution page with a click. This execution page will inform you if the rule went fine or if it raised any errors or warnings, and give you guidance on how to fix them.
```

## Improved error messages after a rule import

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="early June"
:::

Being able to quickly understand what happened after an import to fix errors easily is essential, so we improved some of our error messages to make sure that they helped you figure out how to fix errors.

> From now on, you know in which rule is the error, and what is the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From now on, you know in which rule you'll find the error, and what the error is about.
```

# Rules engine updates

> At Akeneo, we aim at delivering the best user experience. And a good experience of our PIM comes with a good understanding of what is happening, especially when there are errors that you have to fix.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At Akeneo, we aim at delivering the best user experience. And a good experience of our PIM comes with a good understanding of what is happening, especially when there are errors that you have to fix.

```

The following improvements will radically help you to understand errors in the rules engine, either during a YML file import or during the rules execution.

## Rules execution commands become jobs

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="mid-June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-rules.html#execute-rules.html"
:::

Before, the rules were executed by a **background process**. The issue was that you could not be aware of errors during the rules execution.

From now on, rules are executed by a **job**. The advantage is that you can **benefit from the job tracker** where you will be able to **see the errors/warnings** that occurred during the execution.

> If the rules are launched via the UI, the user who launched the rule(s) can directly access the job execution summary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you launched the rules via the UI, you can directly access the job execution summary.
```

> If the rules are automatically launched (by a cron), the user must be granted the `view all jobs in process tracker` permission (ACL - role permissions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the rules are automatically launched, you'll need to be granted the `View all jobs in process tracker` [permission](../articles/manage-the-interface-and-actions-accesses.html).
```

## Improvement of error messages during YML file import

> ::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="early-June"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="early June"
```

:::

> We know that understanding errors when importing YML files containing the rules can be sometimes a bit "complicated" for you. Why? Because errors/warnings are not very clear and precise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We know that understanding errors when importing YML files containing the rules can be sometimes a bit "complicated" for you. Why? Because errors/warnings are not very clear and precise.  
```
Two spaces at the end of the line, if you want it the next one to go to the next line. ;)

In order to improve your understanding and help you fix errors, some error messages have been improved in the process tracker after a rules import.
From now on, you know in which rule is the error, and what is the error.

::: more

> [What is a rule?](../articles//what-is-a-rule.html)  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[What is a rule?](../articles/what-is-a-rule.html)  
```

# Rules engine updates

At Akeneo, we aim at delivering the best user experience. And a good experience of our PIM comes with a good understanding of what is happening, especially when there are errors that you have to fix.

> The following improvements will radically help you to understand errors in the rules engine, either during a YML file import or during the rules execution.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following improvements will help you better monitor rule executions, and help you correct errors in the rules engine that can occur when importing a YML file or when executing rules.
```

## Rules execution commands become jobs

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="mid-June" link-to-doc="../articles/manage-your-rules.html#execute-rules.html"
:::

Before, the rules were executed by a **background process**. The issue was that you could not be aware of errors during the rules execution.

From now on, rules are executed by a **job**. The advantage is that you can **benefit from the job tracker** where you will be able to **see the errors/warnings** that occurred during the execution.

> If the rules are launched via the UI, the user who launched the rule(s) can directly access the job execution summary.

Reviewer 3: same feeling here

If the rules are automatically launched (by a cron), the user must be granted the `view all jobs in process tracker` permission (ACL - role permissions).

## Improvement of error messages during YML file import

::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Rules engine, Productivity" available="early June"
:::

We know that understanding errors when importing YML files containing the rules can be sometimes a bit "complicated" for you. Why? Because errors/warnings are not very clear and precise.

> In order to improve your understanding and help you fix errors, some error messages have been improved in the process tracker after a rules import.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Being able to quickly understand what happened after an import to fix errors easily is essential, so we improved some of our error messages to make sure that they helped you figure out how to fix errors.
```
